# Individual-Self-Assessment-
## Self-Assessment
- For the project we worked on as a team, I participated in many ways in which each individual skill made up for the skill of other teammates.
With the skills gained through the Bootcamp, I was able to apply them from:
- We use this project the Data pulled directly from the using API call
- I work with one of the teams to read the raw JSON data and parse the data.  It has several dictionaries inside it.
- I cleaned up the data, using pandas with different libraries in which null cell values were left aside from the data. Our data Cleaning was to prepare the data, regularly structured and sufficiently clean for our analysis.
- The data merged and changed the data to a suitable form.
- Data transformation, in which the type of data was changed so we can use the data for the analysis, create new CSV tables for the data, and decide on the data visualizations.
- Each one of the team members played a very important role throughout the project and one very important thing that happened is that we all worked together and helped each other in a very friendly manner and searched to always help to achieve the final goal, to deliver our project.
- The biggest challenge was to be able to manage time between work, family, community, and the Bootcamp. I am a mom working outside and at home and I have the nighttime to work on this project. The way I resolved this issue was to contact the team every day and update every progress and what the challenge was. 
- I had another challenge which was to be proficient in delivering to and with the team, so for that, I put a lot of effort to search and review again from the module and searching online so I could try to get close to the level that the rest of the team had, on this project I learn a lot of things to do.
 
## Team Assessment
- Our team communication protocol was based on having the working session in which each one of the members of the team brought the things they were able to build throughout the project working time, and if some of us didn't have the chance to make progress on the time we used the session to work and support each other.
- One of the things important to mention is that we always have very respectful conversations and we always managed to tell our minds, make our points, and always search the middle ground so we could privilege the delivery above anything else, but I have to say that all the time we worked together everything worked amazingly and it was easy to work side by side with each one of the team members.
- The challenge was one of our team members couldn’t continue with the project. The first time he was not working and barely show up, we tried to keep him on track and told him to show up at our meetings and work together, but he couldn’t be able to do that, and we reported to the TA and he seems to show up again but again decreases in the frequency of his appearances show again, at the final moment, he dropped the project.
- Finally, the rest of the team. Especially one of our teammates, who covered most of his responsibilities we continued to finish the project without him but still affected the presentation date. This situation pushed the presentation flip to record instead of a live presentation. We would love to present our project idea and our hard work to our classmates, get compliments, and answer some questions but we couldn’t able to do that because he dropped by the due date.
## Summary of the Project
### Topic: 
- Yelp Metro US Analysis In this project we need to understand the different variables that impact the price of a given restaurant. By understanding the level of importance of each variable, we can provide guidance to entrepreneurs looking to go into the restaurant business. This analysis will provide guidance in choosing the best location and cuisine to determine their flexibility of price points. To capture the differing demographic tendencies we looked at Washington State for the west coast, Illinois for the midwest, and New York for the east coast. The project aimed to understand how different demographics impacted the pricing for restaurants in their respective metropolitan areas. In this analysis, we will aim to look at the combined analysis which will look at the west coast(WC), midwest (MW), and east coast(EC) in a single analysis as well as look at each geographic location on their own.
### Machine module: 
- We are using different libraries and different machine models. JSON, CSV, API call to file reading and python libraries re, reduce, NumPy, warnings, path lip, codecs, requests, print, ast, collections, balanced_accuracy_score,  confusion_matrix, sklearn.model_selection, classification_report_imbalanced, and Tableau (dashboarding)
### Results: 
- Though this analysis provided great insight into New York, for future analysis, In doing so, the individual going into this business would have better insight as to what locations to focus on along with price points depending on what their specialty would be. Then, to make this more thorough it would be recommended to pair this with data looking at the viability of new restaurants for each given geographic location. 

